hi I'm just making this video because
the Lord told me connect the video oh
come on I just come out right now I
smegging needed for the door code how
many praying ask you all to pray from
the door but feel like Laura Santiago to
the prey from the door to really pray
you know saying because I don't say that
something if something is coming and
something bad with the Lord just want to
make this video to get a scene together
see you know he's just crying because
people's plan stuff every day you know
every day that's the scary part this
crazy people out there but i'm reading
xing are depraved from New York the
reason why I'm telling others that there
will be another terrorist attack in the
room there will be under the terrorist
attack now I'm not saying that because
if you go back home if you call that
come on medium go back go back of my
video so i say my prophetic dream tears
attacking i talk about the journey that
where i was walking with the sky when I
was welcome to this guy is me I didn't
push me I was walking with this dude and
he the head of me I saw smoke smoke I
did see the explosion but I saw a lot
thanks to God I said what is going on
and he said it's a terrorist attack it's
some terrorist attack he said so this is
new book and the way it looked it it
looked a tense ill maybe somebody would
drop bone by the role or maybe
maybe just put the bag you know all
about bow on the street on the sidewalk
or I don't know how it's gonna I don't
know how it's going but all I know is
that they wouldn't be mad that would be
a bum above exponent is going to and
it's going to be bad mass about the area
that's going to be whatever is going to
be I don't know where it's going yet
wherever it's gonna be at this explosion
in New York it's gonna be bad real bad I
really thought like oh add another dream
a wild pig i SAT here this room about
three months ago yeah I say about three
months ago I had this through if you go
back with my video where I talk about
prophetic during Homeland Security Alert
I had a dream
where this guy was a policeman policeman
but he had I walking talking no charted
it was drugged something or something it
made my song car lights there's a lot
that was going I woke up sick and drunk
and in this second green I had a very
weird I saw seeing in its at Homeland
Security our national scared so I'm
thinking that you know this dream did
what I saw homeless kid national
security reversible but I think that's
haha I of this dino that then dreaming
so no great for moments like I said go
my friend
so there's really really really personal
and another thing is too is that we have
to really own oh uh oh excuse me outside
what that is sorry feel but like this
the main point is just a playful mood or
I head out I don't also is also one
thing I want to talk about these two is
I'm going to say this about to come out
the stopped because whatever say is that
she goblet that isn't hurt start
I say I got my address Oh like I said
for you know offices of this don't have
this because I mean really got me I
heard of because I mean you really have
to really just pray this power all right
i'm sorry i wasn't saying praying in a
lot but just really just I just want to
obey God and just make this video I feel
that we had don't keep me Norfolk great
also pray for every major city in
America you know just things happen
every day you know which is the same my
main focus is on New York pray for me
your gum you have to save Gotham please
just just break all right